getting flexible is neither difficult or
complicated the easiest way is to pick a
skill and focus on just that skill you
can obviously work on multiple skills at
once but the more you focus on the
harder it is to actually make progress
and here's a little secret you don't
just lose your flexibility overnight
once you build it first step warm up any
Dynamic stretch is great because it
raises your body temperature but
honestly you could just take a hot
shower and that's also a sufficient
warm-up once your body's warm just break
down your skill like for instance to get
to a front split you need flexible
hamstrings and flexible hip flexors so
you should stretch your hamstrings and
then stretch your hip flexors treat this
like a workout do 30 seconds for three
sets on each of those exercises then to
finish off your workout hold both of
them together for another couple sets of
30 seconds honestly if you pretend like
you're going to the gym to work out but
you're switching out the exercises for
stretches
that's basically how you should stretch
and over time you make progress and
voila and yes this works for any skill
stay flexy